so after typing flash can come and let
us go to work out the URL since it
required logging we have to login by
submitting our name let us say my name
is Beamer and it will take to home page
of this website okay and we can see the
existing shall say if we close this
browser and again open that browser and
go to the home page URL will take me to
the home page and let us go and join the
existing channels one of the hundred
messages
this hundred messages contains hundred
messages and remember these first
message Korean mine in this website in
this chart box are only capacity which
for all hundred messages
no it's a prophetic Bhima has entered
the channel and this is massive time he
says hello these are the previous
machine yes good you mean people on data
see what happened to the first messages
and Michael Young you can see previously
there was mine here go on to N and this
week with this browser and again open a
new window on that side window well I
just it will take us to that previously
existing channel and the previous
existing is something messages and the
Bhima can create a new channel for e as
well here we go the new channel for beam
go to that side window and let us walk
in come under accountants heartbeat
bhima in his channel that type module
that name should contain same thing same
ECB you to show that name contain files
contain letters this is the channel of
june still has to go on join in bhima's
channel now Arjuna Singh Bhima Channel V
national we can see our journey using
Bhima channel and the second time Lord
said because you can logged in doctrine
versus that faint glow from the same
window that's why there are two
notifications in we must have let us say
hi hi Arjun chase hi hello and the reach
a Hello message from be my spell
and if we do me you can see here the
timestamp see all the date of music this
message has been sent the letters
request Bhima to send five piece
the Masters and beemo can choose he can
type the send file button and you can
see time some here 2017 and the time is
2017 he can we can see the file sent by
be a June crane create a new channel for
him this is June fab June was to hit a
channel with the same name of Bhima but
what happened the channel already is he
can't do that if we want to do that he
can go to that and type there is a new
channel to NASA and after the music
can't actively log of conditions